from wars written by me
but talk there
the light
wins the prize of the society of the arts
and of the literature this year errors
james didn't believe a book like that
small touched the hearts of many
I have a story about a man who has
wrote a book and then lost it
that mistakes happens after the old one
he found it by milo
I see much truth in your work I
he lied
it's not over yet
I look at my life I look at yours
I look at her not just that I thought I was
be think there is no price to be
to pay
they are words born of joy et al
ache
if you steal those words, take the
sooner or later those moments come
choose between life and fiction
the two things are very close but not yes
never meet
we all make choices in life
you don't know the difficult to live with
words ruin everything
if you want to know the rest of the
history
you have to buy me the book